Add web article for Fluid Devtools. (#20666)
microsoft/FluidFramework: docs/content/docs/testing/devtools.md

-   Container information and data visualization
-   Ability to modify container state for testing offline and reconnect scenarios
-   Visibility into audience membership, permissions, and join/leave logs
-   Framework event logs to view performance and error events

To use the Fluid DevTools, developers need to follow two simple steps:

1. Integrate the Fluid DevTools library into your app using these steps: https://aka.ms/fluid/devtool
    -   See DevTools integrated into samples at https://aka.ms/fluid/samples
2. Install the Fluid DevTools browser extension from [Edge](https://aka.ms/fluid/devtool/edge) or [Chrome](https://aka.ms/fluid/devtool/chrome) extension stores

Once you have completed the above steps, you can simply launch your Fluid application in a browser window and start the browser DevTools by right-clicking and selecting `Inspect`. In the browser DevTools window, you should see a tab for `Fluid Developer Tools`

## Container Information

> DevTool shows all the containers in your application, their current state (connected, attached, disconnected) and allows developers to modify the state (disconnect, close). Developers can also see a lot of container state changes with timestamps.

Reviewer: Nit. It's probably an uncommon scenario that someone would _not_ want to pass a particular container to Devtools, but I think it's worth it to call out the need for user action here (and it's probably spelled out in more detail in the docs linked further up); otherwise it sounded a bit auto-magical to me.
```suggestion
DevTool shows all the containers from your application that you tell it about, their current state (connected, attached, disconnected) and allows developers to modify the state (disconnect, close). Developers can also see a lot of container state changes with timestamps.
```

Author: Fair point, will update to say only containers specified to the devtools will show here

![A screenshot showing container information](/images/container_info.png)

-   **Disconnect/Reconnect Container** button disconnects it from the Fluid service

> -   **Close Container** button detaches from the Fluid service

Reviewer: Thoughts? I'd avoid "detaches" due to the potential confusion with the attach process of a container which does _not_ have a corresponding detach.
```suggestion
-   **Close Container** button stops the Container, including disconnecting it from the Fluid service
```

These buttons can be used to test the following scenarios:

-   **Offline state** - Test how your app will behave if connection drops in the middle of a collab session
-   **Merge edge cases** - Test how your app reacts to various merging scenarios when multiple users work offline and come back online
-   **Container cleanup** - Test how your app behaves when a container is closed and disposed off.

## Data Visualization

DevTool shows the current container data including all the DDSs that are part of the container. Currently, the DevTool supports renderers for `SharedTree`, `SharedMap`, `SharedString`, `SharedCounter` and `Sequences`. Because of the extensible model of the framework, you can also build and add renderers for custom DDSs.

![A screenshot showing container data visualization](/images/container_data_viz.png)

The DDS visualizer updates in real-time as local and remote changes impact the container data. Getting a peek at the underlying data and checking it against what's rendered in your app should allow you to look for any inconsistencies between the data and your app UI.

## Audience Info

> DevTool displays a list of users that are connected to the container(s) in the application and their permission level (read/write). The tool also shows a log of users joining and leaving the container. This can be used to debug user presence indicators in your apps.

Reviewer: For extra clarity. I don't recall that we try to reach into any user-provided information about the applications _users_, we just report on Fluid clients; and permissions could be misinterpreted, because a client whose user technically has write permissions to the container document in storage, could have a read connection right now.
```suggestion
DevTool displays a list of clients that are connected to the container(s) in the application and the kind of connection they have to it (read VS read/write). The tool also shows a log of clients joining and leaving the container. This can be used to debug user presence indicators in your apps.
```

![A screenshot showing container audience information](/images/container_audience_states.png)

## Framework Event Logs

DevTool outputs a log of events happening in the framework including info, performance (e.g. Ops latency) and errors.
These logs provide a peek at the inner workings of Fluid that you can use to monitor your apps

![A screenshot showing container event logs](/images/container_events.png)

## Ops Latency Telemetry Graph

> DevTool shows a graph of network requests and a breakdown of their processing times. Developer can see the network request time broken down into:

Reviewer: A bit tricky because multiple ops could have been sent in a single network request, so I'd suggest something like this. If "operations" at this point is assumed to be understood by the reader as Fluid ops, the other addition to that sentence could be removed.
```suggestion
DevTool shows a graph of the operations it generates to handle real-time collaboration and a breakdown of their processing times. Developer can see that time broken down into:
```
